Hey guys
We're back here after a
More or less, I 'll record more
a video game
This time I'll use his request.
the game is heavier than the other two
which was already in space and tourism and also
but there really comes a very beautiful game
realize more or less has not had
game locking in 4 2 lecs but one
problem with the quiet wheel
I think the first of all just to
do a same gameplay based test for
see how the appliance behaves
before this game is just to show the
same photo 7
I'd rather get the car better.
sensitive to movement is much cooler
ah ah ah ah ah
ah ah ah ah
the ae
Nice online with friends things
very interesting thing more
sure stay ahead of the idea
that coin to see that christmas
lived the currency and problems but also in
down a critical suggestion also want
say something
we are there and if possible sign up
thanks possible try again
reply to comments staff will
reply to comments to ciac
business is difficult but perhaps lewis
in 3 for nexus 4g and until the next
video goes well